he definitely needs chemotherapy and
every Wednesday a team of nationally
recognized doctors at the siteman cancer
center at barnes-jewish hospital in
Washington University School of Medicine
meets to review treatment options for
their patients with lung cancer we
tailor a treatment to each specific
patients situation patients see multiple
specialists if that's all we do is focus
on lung cancer that affords us the
opportunity to introduce the newest form
of treatment to our patients for most
patients with early-stage lung cancer
surgery is the standard treatment but
for those where surgery is not an option
there is now hope dr. Jeff Bradley
offers a cutting-edge solution
stereotactic radiation therapy which
directs very high dose radiation right
at the tumor because they've been turned
down for surgery this provides them a
treatment option radiation is very
effective at killing cancer cells and so
stereotactic radiation therapy is a very
easy treatment for them to go through
and the side effects are almost none
high-tech precision equipment available
at the siteman cancer center allows
patients to receive just three to five
radiation treatments much less than the
30 to 35 that used to be required and
the results are impressive studies show
that this is very effective for able to
kill the cancer that we treat ninety
percent of the time he implemented a new
treatment using new technology and made
it very effective for patients like
Audrey Silverman this approach was the
answer after receiving radiation
treatment for her lung cancer she's
cancer-free and back to working out it's
very rewarding to be able to treat these
patients for people with early-stage
lung cancer you have a chance to cure
them
you